gh-106521: Add PyObject_GetOptionalAttr() function (#106522)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.13.rst

  ``NULL`` if the referent is no longer live.
  (Contributed by Victor Stinner in :gh:`105927`.)

> * Add :c:func:`PyObject_GetOptionalAttr` function: replacement of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add :c:func:`PyObject_GetOptionalAttr`, a variant of
```

  ``NULL`` if the referent is no longer live.
  (Contributed by Victor Stinner in :gh:`105927`.)

* Add :c:func:`PyObject_GetOptionalAttr` and
  :c:func:`PyObject_GetOptionalAttrString`, variants of
  :c:func:`PyObject_GetAttr` and :c:func:`PyObject_GetAttrString` which

>   don't raise :exc:`AttributeError`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  don't raise :exc:`AttributeError` if the attribute is not found.
```
